# Basic Interaction with the Game
The neatevolve.lua program is from SethBling (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv6UVOQ0F44). His program is meant for the emulator BizHawk. My machine is not able to run BizHawk so I used fceux and I editted his code so it works with it. Unfortunately, I had to remove the gui additions to my versions because adding the gui to fceux does not seem like a possibility because I was having trouble getting any type of gui working on fceux.

The MarioGymTileFinder.py program is a possible idea of how to locate the tiles and monsters while emulating on python. For every frame, Gym Super Mario Bros returns an image of what the emulator looks like. This is very useful if you want to interact with the visuals of the emulator in any way. This also is useful if you want to do some image analysis and get information from the image such as find all blocks or enemies in the image. Once I realized that with Nes-Py, you can get the ram of the game you are playing, I was able to get all the data I needed from the ram rather than the image. This made this code no longer useful, especially since ram was easier to get values from and much more efficient. Despite this code no longer being useful, I moved it to the basic interaction folder for possible future reference.

The basic_mario_script.lua program is a very basic lua script for the fceux emulator which starts the game, makes Mario run to the right, and when he dies, the game restarts and repeats itself all over again. I made this program to learn how fceux interacts with a lua script.
